#7 add notification channel (#9)
abb-motors-and-generators/smart-sensor-api-client: use_cases/use_case_6_add_notification_channel.md

# Use Case 6: Add Notification Channel

> This code demonstrates how to add a notification channel to a specific asset

Author: ```suggestion
This code demonstrates how to add a notification channel to a specific asset.
```

If you have not configured your credentials in the `settings.yaml` file in the root folder,
the program will ask you to input your username, password, or API key.

To run the code, execute:

    python use_case_6_add_notification_channel.py >ASSET ID LIST< -nt >NOTIFICATION TYPE< -nc >NOTIFICATION CHANNEL< -u >URL<
    

> For example:

Author: Can you briefly explain what this example does? Something like "For example, to configure the cloud such that whenever <something related to 13, 1234, and 4567 happens>,  it sends a webhook notification to https://webhook.site/bcf22b9e-9a30-45c2-890b-a9b948XXXXXX, run the following command:

Reviewer: Added a more detailed description in the latest commit.

    python use_case_6_add_notification_channel.py 1234 4567 -nt 13 -nc 3 -u https://webhook.site/bcf22b9e-9a30-45c2-890b-a9b948XXXXXX
    
## Arguments
### Asset ID List
Defines to which assets this notification channel should apply.

### Notification Type
Defines, what kind of notifications should be set up for the defined assets.
- load measurement alert = 2
- load measurement alarm = 3,
- measurement taken reminder = 5        
- asset nameplate data edited = 9        
- low battery capacity = 12        
- load measurement notification = 13        

### Notification Channel
Defines the interface where the notification should be sent
- webhooks = 3

### URL

> The URL is the endpoint of the notification, where your own server shall be used . In case you do not have an own server available, the website https://webhook.site can be used for testing purposes at the user’s own risk. 

Author: ```suggestion
The URL is the endpoint that the Smart Sensor cloud would send the notification to, which is typically a web service exposed by your system.
If you don't have this web service, you can go to https://webhook.site to set up a temporary endpoint.
In this case, your data will be sent to Webhook.site so please pay attention to their privacy policy and use it at your own risk.
```

> The accountability for the use of the software https://webhook.site is with the user.

Author: Yeah I think we can remove this line since we already mention that they do it at their own risk.

Reviewer: Agree, removed it in the last commit.
